Wed Aug 11 10:26:53 UTC 2021
These days are the most stressful and painful days of my life. the uni is so much careless in their management, and the authorities, e.g. HoD, are so much toxic, and don't really communicate.
it's like a mental war. why should we suffer this? why no proper communication? the person who's in quesstion, portrays himself as a devotee of Shiva. I'm incapable of understanding how a devotee of Shiva
can be so much toxic and negative in words and behaviour? I'll write a book on my experience with this uni. this was so much painful, and i no longer wish to see or even hear its name. The same person,
btw, claims to be helping! they have done this repetetively, even my seniors agree with this. they create problems without solutions, and make students suffer mentally.
i've been bullied pschologically by this person the whole time. my degree is stake now becaause of them. they can do anything and fail me! I'll make sure that such a system is abolished.
I'm not hugry of degrees, i don't want to be certified by someone, i don't want to be affiliated to any institution. but these days it's about my father's pride in society (which he cares about and i've no cotrol over), his heart health, and many other variables that makes me want this degree, be it of good grade or not.
I've been exploring various branches of wisdom, and will continue doing that. these days, i'm teaching my sister, and that is most important. so these days i'm not able to learn at the speed i used to. once i espace this period, i'll every moment work for thr betterment of my education and the educational culture of the world. i'll try not to be affiliated or to be bonded wwith something under which i need to do certain things even if i do not wish to. this is the month of Shiva, and i've met my old classmate on the internet just a week ago, she's a big devotee of Shiva, on her suggestion, i've started watchiing Mahadev show. Kishna ha always taught us to keep doing our actions, no matter what. i'll see what Shiva has to say, i think it'll be same.

[About after 2 hrs]
i just found out that i they've failed me again! i won't get the degree! I won't beg now, i was doing it for my father, but i can't now. i'll apologize to my father. I WILL PROVE TO THE WORLD THAT DEGREE FUCKING DOESN'T MATTER.
